The food aggregator company(Food Hub) has stored the data of the different orders made by the registered customers in their online portal. 
They want to analyze the data to get a fair idea about the demand of different restaurants which will help them in enhancing their customer experience.
As a Data Scientist in this company, perform the data analysis to find answers to following questions that will help the company to improve the business. 

Question 1: How many rows and columns are present in the data?

Question 2: What are the datatypes of the different columns in the dataset?

Question 3: Are there any missing values in the data? If yes, treat them using an appropriate method.

Question 4: Check the statistical summary of the data. What is the minimum, average, and maximum time it takes for food to be prepared once an order is placed?

Question 5: How many orders are not rated?

Question 6: Explore all the variables and provide observations on their distributions. 

Question 7: Which are the top 5 restaurants in terms of the number of orders received? 

Question 8: Which is the most popular cuisine on weekends?

Question 9: What percentage of the orders cost more than 20 dollars?

Question 10: What is the mean order delivery time? 

Question 11: The company has decided to give 20% discount vouchers to the top 3 most frequent customers. Find the IDs of these customers and the number of orders they placed.

Question 12: Perform a multivariate analysis to explore relationships between the important variables in the dataset.

Question 13: The company wants to provide a promotional offer in the advertisement of the restaurants. The condition to get the offer is that the restaurants must have a rating count of more than 50 and the average rating should be greater than 4. Find the restaurants fulfilling the criteria to get the promotional offer.

Question 14: The company charges the restaurant 25% on the orders having cost greater than 20 dollars and 15% on the orders having cost greater than 5 dollars. Find the net revenue generated by the company across all orders.

Question 15: The company wants to analyze the total time required to deliver the food. What percentage of orders take more than 60 minutes to get delivered from the time the order is placed? 

Question 16: The company wants to analyze the delivery time of the orders on weekdays and weekends. How does the mean delivery time vary during weekdays and weekends? 

Question 17: What are your conclusions from the analysis? What recommendations would you like to share to help improve the business?
